docs: add conventions (#165)
unjs/unplugin: README.md

})
```

## Conventions

> - Plugins powered by unplugin should have a clear name with `unplugin-` prefix.
> - Packages should export 2 kinds of entry points:
>   - Default export: the returned value of `createUnplugin` function
> 
>      ```ts
>      import UnpluginFeature from 'unplugin-feature'
>      ```
> 
>   - Subpath exports: properties of the returned value of `createUnplugin` function for each framework users
> 
>      ```ts
>      import VitePlugin from 'unplugin-feature/vite'
>      ```
> 
> - Include `unplugin` keyword in `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plugins powered by unplugin should have a clear name with `unplugin-` prefix.
- Include `unplugin` keyword in `package.json`.
- To provide better DX, packages could export 2 kinds of entry points:
  - Default export: the returned value of `createUnplugin` function

     ```ts
     import UnpluginFeature from 'unplugin-feature'
     ```

  - Subpath exports: properties of the returned value of `createUnplugin` function for each framework users

     ```ts
     import VitePlugin from 'unplugin-feature/vite'
     ```
  - Refer to [unplugin-starter](https://github.com/antfu/unplugin-starter) for more details about this setup.
```
